examples/blk: Add a imx8mm_evk system to the example (#201)
au-ts/sddf: examples/blk/mmc/README.md

This is an example to show a single client reading & writing from an SD card.

> It has been developed on an Avnet MaaXBoard, and tested on an IMX8MM_EVK board.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It has been developed on an Avnet MaaXBoard. It has been tested on both the MaaXBoard and NXP i.MX8MM-EVK
```
